Hello friends, my name is Suri and
in today's video we will talk
about ICICI Lombard General Insurance and will
try to understand what its chart
says through multiple indicators and option changes. So keep watching till the end of the video. So
friends, the political science course which you
spend Rs. 510 or so on,
how much will you get in volume on the full side,
so subscribe to this channel and let's do a
video chat.
Friends, here a government chart of ICICI Bank
is open in digital print. It has been
following a very interesting chart for the last one year to
get updates here, which is often
its chart open. It has been following an upward
trend within England for the
last one year and whenever it
takes support from the line below Tunisia, then it
goes into a pot and the
upward distance of the distinction is registered.
This has happened in it many times. Now
like the big match 2020, after that, good June,
after that, it
came down by reducing it with trading change, after that, chat
number  In 2020,
this temptation was again seen by taking support from the point below this channel
and similar thing has happened in the stock many times in the last Excel
and the last time in this
stock, on 11th August 2018,
its exception
came in the line by taking support below the standing channel and it touched my Vipin Bhai
i.e. 1617, he has been
seeing a continuous decline in the stock for a few days and Feel Jvideod Rajdhani
Satya Satya, this Shravan
is trying to take support from above 1475 and
in this 1475 itself, it has a support of the standing channel, so
this level is very important for it
because
since last year it has always requested circulation below the standing channel
and has never come below this level,
then its lowest support of Islam
is 1470 but if this poet
is a seller for 2470 then its
audit support of a little thing is this line,
you will see the fat line of Red Fort which is
number 26
Its support will be at 1431. So, this
move
should take this support between 1423 and 1431. If this top is reached, then we will
see a good uptrend again in that topic and the stock
can go back to 1680. However, if this stock
breaks even 1431, then its next
support is much lower, which is at its dry
level. That level is a
very good level for medium to long term trading. So,
if anyone has a
slight increase in its price for six months to one year, then
if it
takes support of 13, then it can take an entry from that level.
And for any sizzling, its
ideal support will also be at 1470. Friends, we do
Mukesh. You can see that the staff is just
rising above the bar,
which means that this 1485 audio level will have to be cut off for this.
Which to medium Harris always
acts as a good evidence for the stock.  The topic should start with the same,
but if this stop does
n't provide support, the stock could decline further.
Friends, let's also do the same.
Friends, this stock is forming
an interesting pattern in its central chart for a while.
Its candlestick
chart is fitting within a point channel,
and the same thing is that it is taking support in a thick circular pattern in the Amla year,
like here, there are
25 words. Hey, there's an
SMS prank.
Whenever it takes a circular, whether
around 3511, then the stock shows a sideways movement,
and the stock again goes up in RSS as if it were
only 100. Last time, when this
SMS entry was posted on September 2nd, the
stock
showed a decline again. The stock has just reached
35. It's just past halfway through
its chart,
and if it takes all this, then we will
see a Pappu in the track, and the stock could
cross again on Friday the 16th.
Friends, we  People can do the option change crisis. You
can see the net profit set of this player number 25. Pappu side has the
highest open interest, which he has
reached at 4250 practice 1400 at the sugar level
and it
is successful only slightly below its trading channel. He has
also seen the highest share above it in the fast, it has
good support and which is
also showing in its options, so that sugar level will
work as a support for it,
friends, now we will just do the setting.
Now let's see, for Haq and Punjab side, it has reached the
top of 24000
and its next second highest
quality has been Ashraf-ul-Haq, this is the
lip lock politics from inside, so it
can go up to the sugar level, on that its
highest level has been lighting, so friends,
trading channel, mouth force option change,
this talk time edit support of these four
is formed from 1470 among the members
and if it takes the oath within this level, then you will
see yours again in the second and
stock 16 only  It can go up to the level but
if it comes below the bill for this 14 years then
this Tera Sutak stock can fall
and if its packet is available then medium to
long top player can take entry in the high stock
friends this video
was for Shiv edition purpose if you want to do anything with this then
definitely like it with your friends and adventure
and
thank you very much for watching this rapper latest video
if you like telefilms and if you want then
definitely subscribe to this channel and do
not forget to like and comment see you
in the next video till then thanks
and
Ajay Ko
[Music]
Jhal Jhal